<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">

<head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/library/resources/css/base.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/library/resources/css/global.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/global.css" />
    <title>For Safe House Operators who Hide Victims</title>
    <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
</head>

<body>
    <h6>Sample Interview Questions for Safe House Operators who Hide Victims</h6>
    <br />
    <ul>
        <li>Who owns the premises?</li>
        <li>How much are you paid to operate the safe house?</li>
        <li>How are you paid?</li>
        <li>Who pays for the utilities of the safe house?</li>
        <li>How often do you house smuggled migrants/trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>How do you communicate with people in the smuggling/trafficking organization?</li>
        <li>How many mobile phones do you use to conduct your business? What are the phone numbers?</li>
        <li>Do you use the Internet to discuss the arrival or departure of smuggled migrants/trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>Do you use codes when discussing the arrival or departure of smuggled migrants/trafficked persons? If yes,
            what are the codes?</li>
        <li>Are the smuggled migrants/trafficked persons free to come and go without your permission?</li>
        <li>How often do you feed the smuggled migrants/trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>Who pays for the food?</li>
        <li>Where do the smuggled migrants/ trafficked persons sleep?</li>
        <li>How often are they allowed to use the bathroom?</li>
        <li>Do you threaten the smuggled migrants/ trafficked persons with violence?</li>
        <li>Are there any government officials assisting you to hide the migrants/ trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>Do you take any money or belongings from the smuggled migrants/trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>Why do you house smuggled migrants/ trafficked persons?</li>
        <li>Do you know that you are committing a crime?</li>
    </ul>

    <p>Remember that the suspect should give his/her account of what has occurred.</p>

    <p>These questions are not exhaustive and are not in any particular order.</p>

    <p>These questions can be used to identify elements of the account that have not been covered by the suspect or
        that need elaboration.</p>

</body>

</html>