<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/base.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/global.css" />
    
    
    
    <title>Operational Orders</title>
    
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
 <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /></head>
<body>
<h2>6. Operational Orders</h2>

<p>You may find yourself operating in rural, urban or maritime environments. They each have different challenges and potential hazards. Consider the safety of investigators, suspects, and potential victims when planning operations. Raids and rescues are high-risk operations that should be a last resort. Only undertake them after systematic risk assessment and planning. While planning, considering the following points.</p>

<p>&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Information</strong><br />
Describe everything the team needs to know about the operation, including suspected offences.<br />
&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Intention</strong><br />
What do you want your investigation to achieve?<br />
&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Method</strong><br />
How are you going to achieve it? Think of resources needed, separate transportation for suspected smugglers, traffickers, and victims, and preparing medical care.<br />
&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Administration</strong><br />
Consider all the logistical details necessary, such as timing, meals, support staff to deal with multiple suspected smugglers, traffickers, and victims, as well as media.<br />
&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Risk Assessment</strong><br />
Conduct a risk assessment as per Section 7 on Assessing Risks in this field guide.<br />
&#160;</p>

<p><strong>Communications</strong><br />
How are the team members going to communicate with each other?<br />
&#160;</p>

<p>Keep the operation secret. Only tell those who need to know, including other colleagues. Do not discuss the operation anywhere that members of the public can overhear.</p>


</body></html>