<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/base.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/global.css" />
    
    
    
    <title>For Businesses that Employ Victims</title>
    
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
 <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /></head>
<body>
<h6>Sample Interview Questions for Businesses that Employ Victims</h6>
<br/>
<ul>
	<li>Who owns the business?</li>
	<li>What is your role in the business?</li>
	<li>What services does your business provide?</li>
	<li>How do you source your migrant/ trafficked employees?</li>
	<li>What role do the migrant/trafficked employees have in your business?</li>
	<li>How much do you pay them per week for their services?</li>
	<li>How do you determine the age of your migrant/trafficked employees?</li>
	<li>Do you take any deductions from their weekly wages? If yes, what are these Deductions?</li>
	<li>What happens to a migrant/trafficked employee if they try and leave without Permission?</li>
	<li>Do you threaten your migrant/trafficked employees with violence?</li>
	<li>Who moves your migrant/trafficked employees to or from the business?</li>
	<li>How often do you feed your migrant/ trafficked employees?</li>
	<li>Who pays for the food?</li>
	<li>Where do your migrant/trafficked employees sleep?</li>
	<li>How often are they allowed to use the bathroom?</li>
	<li>Are your migrant/trafficked employees indebted to you?</li>
	<li>Are your migrant/trafficked employees allowed to buy their freedom?</li>
	<li>What happens to the travel documents of your migrant/trafficked employees?</li>
	<li>Are there any government officials assisting you to employ smuggled migrants/trafficked persons?</li>
	<li>Why do you use smuggled migrants/ trafficked persons in your business?</li>
	<li>Do you know that you are committing a crime?</li>
</ul>

<p>Try to build up a complete picture of the suspect’s involvement in the crime and who the suspect’s associates are.</p>


</body></html>