<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/library/resources/css/base.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/library/resources/css/global.css" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/global.css" />
        
    
    
    <title>For Migrant Smugglers</title>
    
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="content-type" />
 </head>
<body>
<h6>Sample Interview Questions for Migrant Smugglers</h6>
<br/>
<ul>
	<li>What is your role in the smuggling organization?</li>
	<li>How long have you done this?</li>
	<li>How many people work for you? Who do you work for?</li>
	<li>How do you communicate with these people?</li>
	<li>How many mobile phones do you use to conduct your business? What are the phone numbers?</li>
	<li>How do you source migrants to smuggle?</li>
	<li>Do you use a broker to source the migrants you smuggle?</li>
	<li>Do you use the internet to arrange for the smuggling of migrants?</li>
	<li>When discussing the smuggling of migrants over the phone or Internet, do you use codes? If yes, what are the Codes?</li>
	<li>Do you specialize in smuggling a particular ethnic group?</li>
	<li>Where do you smuggle migrants from and to?</li>
	<li>What methods do you use to smuggle people?</li>
	<li>How much do you charge each person that you smuggle?</li>
	<li>How much do you receive after costs per person you smuggle?</li>
	<li>What are the costs you incur to smuggle a migrant?</li>
	<li>Do you threaten the migrants you smuggle with violence?</li>
	<li>What methods do you use to guarantee compliance of the migrants you smuggle?</li>
	<li>Have you assaulted any of the migrants you have smuggled?</li>
	<li>Do you provide travel documents to the migrants you smuggle?</li>
	<li>Where do you get the travel documents from?</li>
	<li>How much do you pay for the travel documents?</li>
	<li>What do you do with the smuggled person’s travel documents?</li>
	<li>Are the documents real or fake?</li>
	<li>Who owns this vessel/vehicle? How much did it cost you to hire the vessel/vehicle?</li>
	<li>What does the owner of the vessel/ vehicle know about the smuggled migrants?</li>
	<li>What instructions did you give the owner of the vessel/vehicle?</li>
	<li>How much are you paying to use this vessel/vehicle?</li>
	<li>Are there any government officials assisting you to smuggle migrants?</li>
	<li>How many migrants have you smuggled?</li>
	<li>Why do you smuggle migrants?</li>
	<li>Do you know that you are committing a crime?</li>
</ul>


</body></html>