<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />
    
    
    
    <title>For human trafficking victims:</title>
    
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
 <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /></head>
<body>
<p><strong>Sample Interview Questions for human trafficking victims:</strong></p>

<ul>
	<li>Do you feel safe?</li>
	<li>Have you been instructed what to say to police or immigration officials if they speak to you?</li>
	<li>Are you free to leave your job or where you live if you want?</li>
	<li>Can you come and go as you please?</li>
	<li>Does someone accompany you when you leave your home or work?</li>
	<li>Have you been threatened if you try to leave?</li>
	<li>Have you been physically harmed in any way?</li>
	<li>What are you working or living conditions like?</li>
	<li>Where do you eat and sleep?</li>
	<li>What do you sleep on?</li>
	<li>Have you ever been deprived of sleep, food, water or medical care?</li>
	<li>Do you have to ask permission to eat, sleep or go to the bathroom?</li>
	<li>Are there locks on your doors or windows so you can’t get out?</li>
	<li>Has anyone threatened your family?</li>
	<li>Has your identification card or passport been taken from you?</li>
	<li>Is anyone forcing you to do anything you do not want to do?</li>
	<li>Are you permitted to have a mobile telephone?</li>
	<li>Are you permitted to call friends or family members?</li>
	<li>Do you receive all the money you earn from your job?</li>
	<li>Is the job or job conditions different from what you had agreed to?</li>
</ul>

<p>&#160;</p>


</body></html>