<html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/base.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="https://fieldguides.github.io/guide01/resources/css/global.css" />
    
    
    
    <title>For Human Trafficking Suspects</title>
    
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="Content-Type" />
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
 </head>
<body>
<p><strong>Sample Interview Questions for Human Trafficking Suspects</strong></p>

<ul>
	<li>What is your role in the trafficking organization?</li>
	<li>How long have you done this?</li>
	<li>How many people work for you (or who do you work for)?</li>
	<li>How do you communicate with these people?</li>
	<li>How many mobile telephones do you use to conduct your business (and what are the numbers of your telephones)?</li>
	<li>Do you use the internet to arrange for the trafficking of people?</li>
	<li>Do you use code when discussing the trafficking of people on the telephone or internet (if yes, what is the code)?</li>
	<li>Do you specialize in a type of person to traffic (men, women or children)?</li>
	<li>How to you source people to traffick?</li>
	<li>How much do you pay for each person?</li>
	<li>Who do you pay for them?</li>
	<li>How do you pay for them?</li>
	<li>Who do you traffic these people to?</li>
	<li>How do you transport the people you traffic from the source to the buyer?</li>
	<li>How much does your buyer pay you per person you traffick?</li>
	<li>What are the costs you incur to traffic someone?</li>
	<li>How much do you receive after costs per person you traffick?</li>
	<li>What methods do you use to guarantee compliance of the people you traffick?</li>
	<li>Do you threaten the people you traffic with violence?</li>
	<li>Have you assaulted any of the people you have trafficked?</li>
	<li>Do you provide travel documents to the people you traffick?</li>
	<li>Where do you get the travel documents from?</li>
	<li>How much do you pay for the travel documents?</li>
	<li>What do you do with the trafficked persons travel documents (real or fake)?</li>
	<li>Are there any government officials assisting you to traffic people?</li>
	<li>How many people have you trafficked?</li>
	<li>What is your relationship to the victim(s)?</li>
	<li>Why do you traffic people?</li>
	<li>Do you know that you are committing a crime?</li>
</ul>


</body></html>